Reporting a bug against LibreOffice
--------------------------------------
I) Make sure it's a LibreOffice bug after all: #398923 and its friends for
   example are not.
   Set the Version: header right. If you found a bug in a specific version,
   set that as version:, even if you in the meanwhile upgraded. If you are on
   an up-to-date version and tried old versions and they have the bug, too, set
   the Version: header to the earliest version you found it in (of course, if
   versions inbetween don't have the bug use the version in which it reappeared
   and sustained to the current version)

II) Check on the BTS (http://bugs.debian.org/src:libreoffice) whether the
   bug already is reported. Do *NOT* report a new one then. For judging whether
   it's already reported, read *ALL* the bugs, think, try and use common sense.

III) If you have crashes with a document, try another one. If only that or
    similar docs causes problems please attach THIS (or a similar type one
    causing it). Otherwise, don't file a bug, we can't look at it anyway.

IV) Please attach a backtrace if possible (see
    http://wiki.debian.org/OpenOffice#debug). Install libreoffice-dbg
    before doing this (and the packages it Recommends).
    
    Please also read /usr/share/doc/libreoffice-common/README.gz for common
    problems ("Problems During Program Startup")
    If you have NFS/Samba/... file locking problems (i.e. files opened
    read-only when they should be read-write), also see the "File Locking"
    section in above file.

V) If the bug is also in the version you can get from www.libreoffice.org, file
   it there in the first place. If you really think this also should be a bug
   in the Debian BTS (because it's (release-)critical or otherwise important)
   please file a bug there too *BUT* note the issue number in the bug or
   mark it forwarded yourself if you can. Especially this is for feature
   requests.
   If you tested other LibreOffice packages and the bug is (not) in version
   foo from bar, mention that, too.

VI) Only report bugs on completely up-to-date systems. Don't file bugs on a
    obsolete version and neither on sid/testing systems really old. If bugs
    got fixed in sid, it doesn't make sense to file them anymore. (Exception
    is security bugs or really critical bugs which should be get fixed in
    stable.) When you think a dependency is missing/wrong/too lax please be
    *sure* that this is the case before reporting it. Most times it isn't.
    Use common sense and the bug severities for judging here. When you think
    you have an up-to-date system, check whether you really have one.
    (And do a dist-upgrade, try to reproduce the bug again).
    Also don't report bugs on broken mix systems unless you are sure about the
    dependencies/conflicts (see above).

VII) Please give as much info as possible (installed OOo packages, installed 
     extensions, "special" configs, additions, changes, whatever). Better too
     much than too less. (See #396225 for example which was caused by an
     unsupportable, non-free extension)

Thanks.
